Translation source: YS.
Woo woo woo
Tell me now now now
Woo woo
Before the end of today
Tell me now now now now
Now now now
When I am still hesitating
Suddenly stopped you
If you don’t say a word, you are still the same as yesterday.
Don't worry, tell me soon.
Look at my eyes and tell me
Before the night drain
Before the light goes out
Don't leave like this
Time to go back and forth between hesitation
(go go go go)
I don't wanna go
This is the last
It’s coming to an end now oh oh oh
Tell me now
We don't have tomorrow
Do not hesitate
I still have time before No.
Farther and farther
Don't push me away
We are here
Before disappearing
Woo woo woo
Tell me now now now
Woo woo
Before the end of today
Tell me now now now
Now now now
There will be no more of us in the future.
Tomorrow tomorrow
So call it oh
Call my name my name
I know everything from your mouth right now.
On this road
I just want to continue to rely on you (depending on you)
Don't leave me again
Time to go back and forth between hesitation
(go go go go)
I don't wanna go
This is the last
It’s coming to an end now oh oh oh
Tell me now
We don't have tomorrow
Do not hesitate
I still have time before No.
Farther and farther
Don't push me away
We are here
Before disappearing
We are in this maze
I can only rely on you.
Close your eyes and hold me tight
Because we don’t have tomorrow
Tell me now
We don't have tomorrow
Do not hesitate
I still have time before No.
Farther and farther
Don't push me away
We are here
Before disappearing
Woo woo woo
Tell me now now now
Woo woo
Before the end of today
Tell me now now now
Now now now